So We're hashing the password now before we dive into the token creation.
Let's go to the log and function and check how we now actually with the password being a hash instead
of plain text can compare the password to users sends us which of course in the end on the server is
plain text to the password in the database which is not plain text.
Now for this we can again use to be tripped library because they're the ideas that the big trip library
knows how it created the hashed password.
If we provided a new password a plain text password it can find out if that password could have been
used to create the hash that's stored in the database.
So we will in the end not recreate the hash but we will check if the hash we have for the password in
plain text that is provided makes sense.
So therefore in the log and function we will still check if we maybe don't have this user.
So I will remove that second check here and just check for the user existence.
If we don't we already return an error because that means we couldn't find a user for the provided email
address.
If we do find a user though then we can check the password.
Here it is.
I will add a new variable is valid password and by default that is too false maybe.
And then here I said is valid password equal to a weight be tripped.
Compare compare all the returns a promise and compare now takes the plain text password which here is
in the password constant we're extracting this from the incoming request.
So we compare compared to plain text password to the hashed password in the database.
So to existing user dot password.
So this is now not the plaintext password but the hash we compare debt and this returns a promise which
then in the end yields a boolean which is stored and is valid password.
Now as always.
And that's why I split this into a variable declaration and then usage.
As always you want to wrap this with try catch to catch any potential errors.
Here we can just say New Age to BP.
Error could not log you in.
Please check your credentials and try again.
However this is a serious error this error will not be thrown if we have invalid credentials does it's
just an error if something went wrong during the comparison.
Instead we will always get back a boolean even if the comparison fails even if we can't confirm the
password.
We don't get an error.
Instead we just get false as a return value here.
So therefore there often is a next check.
I will check if is valid password is false with an exclamation mark at the beginning because if it is
then we can again return our invalid credentials error because here we know that the password is not
correct.
If you make it past as a check as well we know the e-mail address exists and the password is correct.
So then we can generate the token.